README.md, before:

# Hello there 👋

![visitors](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=zhenye-na.zhenye-na)
[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=102)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badge/)

```python
#!/usr/bin/python
# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-


class SoftwareEngineer:

    def __init__(self):
        self.name = "Zhenye Na"
        self.role = "Software Engineer"
        self.language_spoken = ["zh_CN", "en_US"]

    def say_hi(self):
        print("Thanks for dropping by, hope you find some of my work interesting.")


me = SoftwareEngineer()
me.say_hi()
```

## 📝 Blogs

- Personal website and blog: https://zhenye-na.github.io/
- Notes of AWS Solution Architecture - Associate: https://zhenye-na.github.io/aws-certs-cheatsheet/
- [WIP] LeetCode Solutions & Notes: https://zhenye-na.github.io/leetcode/

### 📔 Latest Blog posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Java Concurrent Programming 1 - Fundamentals](https://zhenye-na.github.io/blog/2023/05/24/fundamentals-of-java-concurrenct-programming.html)
- [Introduction to Dependency Injection in Java](https://zhenye-na.github.io/blog/2022/09/18/intro-to-java-dependency-injection.html)
- [Distributed Transactions and Sagas in Microservices](https://zhenye-na.github.io/blog/2022/06/19/distributed-transactions-and-sagas-in-microservices.html)
- [Design Patterns: Strategy Pattern](https://zhenye-na.github.io/blog/2022/05/16/design-patterns-the-strategy-pattern.html)
- [Java Best Practices - Logging](https://zhenye-na.github.io/blog/2022/05/03/java-best-practices-logging.html)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

## 🔧 Technologies & Tools

**Cloud Services:**

![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud-AWS-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![API Gateway](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-Gateway-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-api-gateway&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![DynamoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-DynamoDB-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-dynamodb&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![AWS Lambda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Compute-AWS_Lambda-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![CloudWatch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Monitoring-CloudWatch-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-cloudwatch&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![SQS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Queue-SQS-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-sqs&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)

**Programming Languages:**

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Java-informational?style=flat&logo=java&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Go-informational?style=flat&logo=go&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Rust-informational?style=flat&logo=rust&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)

**Tools and Services:**

![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Kubernetes-informational?style=flat&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Docker-informational?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)

<!-- ## &#x1f4c8; GitHub Stats

<a href="https://github.com/Zhenye-Na/Zhenye-Na">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=zhenye-na&hide=c%2B%2B,c,matlab,assembly&title_color=6aa6f8&text_color=8a919a&icon_color=6aa6f8&bg_color=22272e" alt="Zhenye's GitHub Stats" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/Zhenye-Na/Zhenye-Na">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=zhenye-na&show_icons=true&line_height=27&count_private=true&title_color=6aa6f8&text_color=8a919a&icon_color=6aa6f8&bg_color=22272e" alt="Zhenye's GitHub Stats" />
</a> -->

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=zhenye-na&theme=nord&column=7)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

## 🗂️ Highlight Projects

<a href="https://github.com/Zhenye-Na/DA-RNN">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=zhenye-na&repo=DA-RNN&show_icons=true&line_height=27&title_color=6aa6f8&text_color=8a919a&icon_color=6aa6f8&bg_color=22272e" alt="DA-RNN" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/Zhenye-Na/crnn-pytorch">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=zhenye-na&repo=crnn-pytorch&show_icons=true&line_height=27&title_color=6aa6f8&text_color=8a919a&icon_color=6aa6f8&bg_color=22272e" alt="crnn-pytorch" />
</a>

<!-- ## 👨‍💻 This week, I spent my time on:

[![zhenye's wakatime stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=nazhenye&line_height=27&title_color=6aa6f8&text_color=8a919a&icon_color=6aa6f8&bg_color=22272e)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->

## 🧧 Sponsorship

Like my projects? Consider to be sponsors by using my **referral link** to open an account for any of the following applications!

> **DISCLAIMER:**
>
> - This section is for informational purposes only. 
> - The information in this section is not financial advice, and you should not consider it to be financial advice. 
> - You should always seek appropriate financial advice from a professional financial advisor in your state. You should not consider this or any other website as a substitute for these services. 
> - This section does not create a financial agreement or client relationship between you and the owner.


| Name      |  Logo                                                                                                                                                                                 |  Category      |  Features                                                                                                                                    |  Rewards & Terms                                                                              |  Referral Link                                       |  Quota (If applied) |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| Marcus    |  <img width="50" height="50" src="https://www.debt.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/marcus-logo.png" alt="marcus"/>                       |  Banking       |  Online-only bank offering high-yield savings accounts, high-yield and penalty-free certificates of deposit (CDs), and no-fee personal loans |  Earn an extra 1.00% on top of the high-yield rate on Marcus' Online Savings Account         |  `https://www.marcus.com/share/ZHE-8GZ-56DJ`           |  1/5                |
| Robinhood |  <img width="50" height="50" src="https://img.icons8.com/fluency/48/robinhood.png" alt="robinhood"/>                                    |  Brokerage     |  Investment platform offering commission-free trading of stocks, ETFs, cryptocurrency, and options                                           |  Get $5-$200 of stock from your choise                                                            |  `https://join.robinhood.com/zhenyen-652529`           |  N/A                |
| Bilt      |  <img width="50" height="50" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1580979205638168577/Wa6cxMEq_400x400.jpg" alt="bilt"/>           |  Credit Card   |  Earn rewards when you pay rent                                                                                                              |  5X points on all of eligible purchases (excluding rent) for the next 5 days after account opened |  `https://www.biltrewards.com/card/referral/MV6D-GWZO` |  3/50               |
| Remitly   |  <img width="50" height="50" src="https://media.remitly.io/remtily_logo_vertical_midnight_b.6eT0nA18TSlQIsjllF72RN.png" alt="remitly"/> |  Online Wiring |  Digital remittance service on a mission to make the money transfer process faster, affordable, and more transparent                         | $20 OFF for first transfer of $100 or more                                                        |  `https://remit.ly/37xa5yaa`                           |  N/A                |

Commit message:

Add moomoo to referral section

README.md, after:

# Hello there 👋

![visitors](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=zhenye-na.zhenye-na)
[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.svg?v=102)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badge/)

```python
#!/usr/bin/python
# -*- coding: utf-8 -*-


class SoftwareEngineer:

    def __init__(self):
        self.name = "Zhenye Na"
        self.role = "Software Engineer"
        self.language_spoken = ["zh_CN", "en_US"]

    def say_hi(self):
        print("Thanks for dropping by, hope you find some of my work interesting.")


me = SoftwareEngineer()
me.say_hi()
```

## 📝 Blogs

- Personal website and blog: https://zhenye-na.github.io/
- Notes of AWS Solution Architecture - Associate: https://zhenye-na.github.io/aws-certs-cheatsheet/
- [WIP] LeetCode Solutions & Notes: https://zhenye-na.github.io/leetcode/

### 📔 Latest Blog posts

<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Java Concurrent Programming 1 - Fundamentals](https://zhenye-na.github.io/blog/2023/05/24/fundamentals-of-java-concurrenct-programming.html)
- [Introduction to Dependency Injection in Java](https://zhenye-na.github.io/blog/2022/09/18/intro-to-java-dependency-injection.html)
- [Distributed Transactions and Sagas in Microservices](https://zhenye-na.github.io/blog/2022/06/19/distributed-transactions-and-sagas-in-microservices.html)
- [Design Patterns: Strategy Pattern](https://zhenye-na.github.io/blog/2022/05/16/design-patterns-the-strategy-pattern.html)
- [Java Best Practices - Logging](https://zhenye-na.github.io/blog/2022/05/03/java-best-practices-logging.html)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

## 🔧 Technologies & Tools

**Cloud Services:**

![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud-AWS-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![API Gateway](https://img.shields.io/badge/API-Gateway-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-api-gateway&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![DynamoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/Database-DynamoDB-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-dynamodb&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![AWS Lambda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Compute-AWS_Lambda-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![CloudWatch](https://img.shields.io/badge/Monitoring-CloudWatch-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-cloudwatch&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![SQS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Queue-SQS-informational?style=flat&logo=amazon-sqs&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)

**Programming Languages:**

![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Java-informational?style=flat&logo=java&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Python-informational?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Go-informational?style=flat&logo=go&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![Rust](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-Rust-informational?style=flat&logo=rust&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)

**Tools and Services:**

![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Kubernetes-informational?style=flat&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tools-Docker-informational?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white&color=6aa6f8)

<!-- ## &#x1f4c8; GitHub Stats

<a href="https://github.com/Zhenye-Na/Zhenye-Na">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=zhenye-na&hide=c%2B%2B,c,matlab,assembly&title_color=6aa6f8&text_color=8a919a&icon_color=6aa6f8&bg_color=22272e" alt="Zhenye's GitHub Stats" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/Zhenye-Na/Zhenye-Na">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=zhenye-na&show_icons=true&line_height=27&count_private=true&title_color=6aa6f8&text_color=8a919a&icon_color=6aa6f8&bg_color=22272e" alt="Zhenye's GitHub Stats" />
</a> -->

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies

[![trophy](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=zhenye-na&theme=nord&column=7)](https://github.com/ryo-ma/github-profile-trophy)

## 🗂️ Highlight Projects

<a href="https://github.com/Zhenye-Na/DA-RNN">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=zhenye-na&repo=DA-RNN&show_icons=true&line_height=27&title_color=6aa6f8&text_color=8a919a&icon_color=6aa6f8&bg_color=22272e" alt="DA-RNN" />
</a>

<a href="https://github.com/Zhenye-Na/crnn-pytorch">
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=zhenye-na&repo=crnn-pytorch&show_icons=true&line_height=27&title_color=6aa6f8&text_color=8a919a&icon_color=6aa6f8&bg_color=22272e" alt="crnn-pytorch" />
</a>

<!-- ## 👨‍💻 This week, I spent my time on:

[![zhenye's wakatime stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=nazhenye&line_height=27&title_color=6aa6f8&text_color=8a919a&icon_color=6aa6f8&bg_color=22272e)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats) -->

## 🧧 Sponsorship

Like my projects? Consider to be sponsors by using my **referral link** to open an account for any of the following applications!

> **DISCLAIMER:**
>
> - This section is for informational purposes only. 
> - The information in this section is not financial advice, and you should not consider it to be financial advice. 
> - You should always seek appropriate financial advice from a professional financial advisor in your state. You should not consider this or any other website as a substitute for these services. 
> - This section does not create a financial agreement or client relationship between you and the owner.


| Name      | Logo                                                                                                                                   | Category      | Features                                                                                                                                    | Rewards & Terms                                                                                                                                           | Referral Link                                         | Quota (If applied) |
|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|--------------------|
| Marcus    | <img width="25" height="25" src="https://www.debt.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/marcus-logo.png" alt="marcus"/>                       | Banking       | Online-only bank offering high-yield savings accounts, high-yield and penalty-free certificates of deposit (CDs), and no-fee personal loans | Earn an extra 1.00% on top of the high-yield rate on Marcus' Online Savings Account                                                                       | `https://www.marcus.com/share/ZHE-8GZ-56DJ`           | 1/5                |
| Robinhood | <img width="25" height="25" src="https://img.icons8.com/fluency/48/robinhood.png" alt="robinhood"/>                                    | Brokerage     | Investment platform offering commission-free trading of stocks, ETFs, cryptocurrency, and options                                           | Get $5-$200 of stock from your choice                                                                                                                     | `https://join.robinhood.com/zhenyen-652529`           | N/A                |
| Bilt      | <img width="25" height="25" src="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1580979205638168577/Wa6cxMEq_400x400.jpg" alt="bilt"/>           | Credit Card   | Earn rewards when you pay rent                                                                                                              | 5X points on all of eligible purchases (excluding rent) for the next 5 days after account opened                                                          | `https://www.biltrewards.com/card/referral/MV6D-GWZO` | 3/50               |
| Remitly   | <img width="25" height="25" src="https://media.remitly.io/remtily_logo_vertical_midnight_b.6eT0nA18TSlQIsjllF72RN.png" alt="remitly"/> | Online Wiring | Digital remittance service on a mission to make the money transfer process faster, affordable, and more transparent                         | $20 OFF for first transfer of $100 or more                                                                                                                | `https://remit.ly/37xa5yaa`                           | N/A                |
| moomoo    | <img width="25" height="25" src="https://static.moomoo.com/moomoo_common/images/mm_logo.png" alt="moomoo"/>                            | Brokerage     | Innovative online trading platform and commission-free investment app                                                                       | 5 shares stock for free when transfering in $100, extra 10 shares when transfering in $1000, 1 share of `AMZN` when transfering in $6888. Promotion ends 02/29/2024 | `https://j.moomoo.com/00BdEo`                         | N/A                |
